BASE22 SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING, ACCESSING, CLICKING ON AN "ACCEPT" BUTTON, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, LICENSEE AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF LICENSEE, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE FULL AUTHORITY TO BIND LICENSEE TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS,

* DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY, ACCESS, CLICK ON AN "ACCEPT" BUTTON, OR USE THE SOFTWARE; AND

* PROMPTLY RETURN THE UNUSED MEDIA, DOCUMENTATION, AND PROOF OF ENTITLEMENT TO THE PARTY FROM WHOM IT WAS OBTAINED FOR A REFUND OF THE AMOUNT PAID. IF THE SOFTWARE WAS DOWNLOADED, DESTROY ALL COPIES OF THE SOFTWARE.

1. Definitions

"Authorized Use" - the specified level at which Licensee is authorized to execute or run the Software. That level may be measured by number of users, number of applications served by the Software, number of queries or requests made to the Software within a given time period, number of documents or data records managed by the Software, or other level of use specified by Base22.

“Base22” – Base22 Technology Group, LLC. with offices at 5605 Sleepy Creek Lane, Fort Worth, Texas 76179 (“Licensor”).

"License Information" ("LI") - a document that provides information and any additional terms specific to the Software. The Software's LI is available at carbonldp.com/site/sla. The LI can also be found in the Software’s directory or by the use of a system command.

"Software" - the following, including the original and all whole or partial copies: 1) machine-readable instructions and data, 2) components, files, and modules, 3) audio-visual content (such as images, text, recordings, or pictures), and 4) related licensed materials (such as keys and documentation).

"Proof of Entitlement" ("PoE") - evidence of Licensee's Authorized Use. The PoE is also evidence of Licensee's eligibility for warranty, future update prices, if any, and potential special or promotional opportunities. If Base22 does not provide Licensee with a PoE, then Base22 may accept as the PoE the original paid sales receipt or other sales record from the party (either Base22 or its reseller) from whom Licensee obtained the Software, provided that it specifies the Software name and Authorized Use obtained.

"Warranty Period" - a period specified in the Licensee's PoE during which Licensee is entitled to end the License and recieve a full refund of the Software purchase price (usually six months, starting on the date the original Licensee is granted the license except where defined otherwise by the Authorized Use obtained).

2. Agreement Structure

This Agreement includes Part 1 - General Terms, the LI, and the PoE and is the complete agreement between Licensee and Base22 regarding the use of the Software. It replaces any prior oral or written communications between Licensee and Base22 concerning Licensee's use of the Software. The terms of LI or PoE may replace or modify those of Part 1. To the extent of any conflict between Part 1, the LI, and the PoE, the LI prevails over Part 1 and the PoE prevails over the LI.

3. License Grant

The Software is owned by Base22 or a Base22 supplier, and is copyrighted and licensed, not sold.

Base22 grants Licensee a nonexclusive license to 1) use the Software up to the Authorized Use specified in the PoE, 2) make and install copies to support such Authorized Use, and 3) make a backup copy, all provided that

	a. Licensee has lawfully obtained the Software and complies with the terms of this Agreement;

	b. the backup copy does not execute unless the backed-up Software cannot execute;

	c. Licensee reproduces all copyright notices and other legends of ownership on each copy, or partial copy, of the Software;

	d. Licensee ensures that anyone who uses the Software (accessed either locally or remotely) 1) does so only on Licensee's behalf and 2) complies with the terms of this Agreement;

	e. Licensee does not 1) use, copy, modify, or distribute the Software except as expressly permitted in this Agreement; 2) reverse assemble, reverse compile, otherwise translate, or reverse engineer the Software, except as expressly permitted by law without the possibility of contractual waiver; 3) use any of the Software's components, files, modules, audio-visual content, or related licensed materials separately from that Software; or 4) sublicense, rent, or lease the Software; and

	f. if Licensee obtains this Software as Supporting Software, Licensee uses this Software only to support the Principal Software and subject to any limitations in the license to the Principal Software, or, if Licensee obtains this Software as Principal Software, Licensee uses all Supporting Software only to support this Software, and subject to any limitations in this Agreement. For purposes of this Item "f," "Supporting Software" is software that is part of another Base22 Software program ("Principal Software") and identified as Supporting Software in the Principal Software's LI. (To obtain a separate license to Supporting Software without these restrictions, Licensee should contact the party from whom Licensee obtained the Supporting Software.)

This license applies to each copy of the Software that Licensee makes.

3.1 Trade-ups, Updates, Fixes, and Patches

3.1.1 Trade-ups

If the Software is replaced by a trade-up, the replaced Software's license is promptly terminated.

3.1.2 Updates, Fixes, and Patches

When Licensee receives an update, fix, or patch to the Software, Licensee accepts any additional or different terms that are applicable to such update, fix, or patch that are specified in its LI. If no additional or different terms are provided, then the update, fix, or patch is subject solely to this Agreement. If the Software is replaced by an update, Licensee agrees to promptly discontinue use of the replaced Software.

3.2 Fixed Term Licenses

If Base22 licenses the Software for a fixed term, Licensee's license is terminated at the end of the fixed term, unless Licensee and Base22 agree to renew it.

3.3 Term and Termination

This Agreement is effective until terminated.

Base22 may terminate Licensee's license if Licensee fails to comply with the terms of this Agreement.

If the license is terminated for any reason by either party, Licensee agrees to promptly discontinue use of and destroy all of Licensee's copies of the Software. Any terms of this Agreement that by their nature extend beyond termination of this Agreement remain in effect until fulfilled, and apply to both parties' respective successors and assignees.

4. Charges

Charges are based on Authorized Use obtained, which is specified in the PoE. Base22 does not give credits or refunds for charges already due or paid, except as specified elsewhere in this Agreement.

If Licensee wishes to increase its Authorized Use, Licensee must notify Base22 or an authorized Base22 reseller in advance and pay any applicable charges.

5. Taxes

If any authority imposes on the Software a duty, tax, levy, or fee, excluding those based on Base22's net income, then Licensee agrees to pay that amount, as specified in an invoice, or supply exemption documentation. Licensee is responsible for any personal property taxes for the Software from the date that Licensee obtains it. If any authority imposes a customs duty, tax, levy, or fee for the import into or the export, transfer, access, or use of the Software outside the country in which the original Licensee was granted the license, then Licensee agrees that it is responsible for, and will pay, any amount imposed.

6. Money-back Guarantee

If Licensee is dissatisfied with the Software for any reason and is the original Licensee, Licensee may terminate the license and obtain a refund of the amount Licensee paid for the Software, provided that Licensee returns the Software and PoE to the party from whom Licensee obtained it within 30 days of the date the PoE was issued to Licensee. If the license is for a fixed term that is subject to renewal, then Licensee may obtain a refund only if the Software and its PoE are returned within the first 30 days of the initial term. If Licensee downloaded the Software, Licensee should contact the party from whom Licensee obtained it for instructions on how to obtain the refund.

7. Software Transfer

Licensee may transfer the Software and all of Licensee's license rights and obligations to another party only if that party agrees to the terms of this Agreement. If the license is terminated for any reason by either party, Licensee is prohibited from transferring the Software to another party. Licensee may not transfer a portion of 1) the Software or 2) the Software's Authorized Use. When Licensee transfers the Software, Licensee must also transfer a hard copy of this Agreement, including the LI and PoE. Immediately after the transfer, Licensee's license terminates.

8. Warranty and Exclusions

8.1 Limited Warranty

Base22 warrants that the Software, when used in its specified operating environment, will conform to its specifications. The Software's specifications, and specified operating environment information, can be found in documentation accompanying the Software (such as a read-me file) or other information published by Base22 (such as an announcement letter). Licensee agrees that such documentation and other Software content may be supplied only in the English language, unless otherwise required by local law without the possibility of contractual waiver or limitation.

The warranty applies only to the unmodified portion of the Software. Base22 does not warrant uninterrupted or error-free operation of the Software, or that Base22 will correct all Software defects. Licensee is responsible for the results obtained from the use of the Software.

If the Software does not function as warranted during the Warranty Period and the problem cannot be resolved with information available in the Software documentation or support databases, Licensee may return the Software and its PoE to the party (either Base22 or its reseller) from whom Licensee obtained it and receive a refund of the amount Licensee paid. After returning the Software, Licensee's license terminates. If Licensee downloaded the Software, Licensee should contact the party from whom Licensee obtained it for instructions on how to obtain the refund.

8.2 Exclusions

THESE WARRANTIES ARE LICENSEE'S EXCLUSIVE WARRANTIES AND REPLACE ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO LICENSEE. IN THAT EVENT, SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD. NO WARRANTIES APPLY AFTER THAT PERIOD. SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO LICENSEE.

THESE WARRANTIES GIVE LICENSEE SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. LICENSEE MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE OR JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.

THE WARRANTIES IN THIS SECTION 8 (WARRANTY AND EXCLUSIONS) ARE PROVIDED SOLELY BY BASE22. THE DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SUBSECTION 8.2 (EXCLUSIONS), HOWEVER, ALSO APPLY TO BASE22'S SUPPLIERS OF THIRD PARTY CODE. THOSE SUPPLIERS PROVIDE SUCH CODE WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. THIS PARAGRAPH DOES NOT NULLIFY BASE22'S WARRANTY OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

9. Licensee Data and Databases

To assist Licensee in isolating the cause of a problem with the Software, Base22 may request that Licensee 1) allow Base22 to remotely access Licensee's system or 2) send Licensee information or system data to Base22. However, Base22 is not obligated to provide such assistance unless Base22 and Licensee enter a separate written agreement under which Base22 agrees to provide to Licensee that type of support, which is beyond Base22's warranty obligations in this Agreement. In any event, Base22 uses information about errors and problems to improve its products and services, and assist with its provision of related support offerings. For these purposes, Base22 may use Base22 entities and subcontractors (including in one or more countries other than the one in which Licensee is located), and Licensee authorizes Base22 to do so.

Licensee remains responsible for 1) any data and the content of any database Licensee makes available to Base22, 2) the selection and implementation of procedures and controls regarding access, security, encryption, use, and transmission of data (including any personally-identifiable data), and 3) backup and recovery of any database and any stored data. Licensee will not send or provide Base22 access to any personally-identifiable information, whether in data or any other form, and will be responsible for reasonable costs and other amounts that Base22 may incur relating to any such information mistakenly provided to Base22 or the loss or disclosure of such information by Base22, including those arising out of any third party claims.

10. Limitation of Liability

The limitations and exclusions in this Section 10 (Limitation of Liability) apply to the full extent they are not prohibited by applicable law without the possibility of contractual waiver.

10.1 Items for Which Base22 May Be Liable

Circumstances may arise where, because of a default on Base22's part or other liability, Licensee is entitled to recover damages from Base22. Regardless of the basis on which Licensee is entitled to claim damages from Base22 (including fundamental breach, negligence, misrepresentation, or other contract or tort claim), Base22's entire liability for all claims in the aggregate arising from or related to the Software or otherwise arising under this Agreement will not exceed the amount of any 1) damages for bodily injury (including death) and damage to real property and tangible personal property and 2) other actual direct damages up to the charges (if the Software is subject to fixed term charges, up to twelve months' charges) Licensee paid for the Software that is the subject of the claim.

This limit also applies to any of Base22's Software developers and suppliers. It is the maximum for which Base22 and its Software developers and suppliers are collectively responsible.

10.2 Items for Which Base22 Is Not Liable

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES IS BASE22, ITS SOFTWARE DEVELOPERS OR SUPPLIERS LIABLE FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING, EVEN IF INFORMED OF THEIR POSSIBILITY:

a. LOSS OF, OR DAMAGE TO, DATA;

b. SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY ECONOMIC CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; OR

c. LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS, REVENUE, GOODWILL, OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS.

11.1 Verification Process

Licensee agrees to create, retain, and provide to Base22 and its auditors accurate written records, system tool outputs, and other system information sufficient to provide auditable verification that Licensee's use of all Software is in compliance with the Agreement Terms, including, without limitation, all of Base22's applicable licensing and pricing qualification terms. Licensee is responsible for 1) ensuring that it does not exceed its Authorized Use, and 2) remaining in compliance with the Agreement Terms.

Upon reasonable notice, Base22 may verify Licensee's compliance with Agreement terms at all sites and for all environments in which Licensee uses (for any purpose) Software subject to the Agreement Terms. Such verification will be conducted in a manner that minimizes disruption to Licensee's business, and may be conducted on Licensee's premises, during normal business hours. Base22 may use an independent auditor to assist with such verification, provided Base22 has a written confidentiality agreement in place with such auditor.

The Software may contain a function that manually or periodically sends verification data to Base22 for the sole purpose of verifying Authorized Use. If such a function exists in the Software, Licensee agrees to execute the function upon request by Base22 or allow the function to execute periodically without restriction.

11.2 Resolution

Base22 will notify Licensee in writing if any such verification indicates that Licensee has used the Software in excess of its Authorized Use or is otherwise not in compliance with the Agreement Terms. Licensee agrees to promptly pay directly to Base22 the charges that Base22 specifies in an invoice for 1) any such excess use, 2) support for such excess use for the lesser of the duration of such excess use or two years, and 3) any additional charges and other liabilities determined as a result of such verification.

12.	Third Party Notices

The Software may include third party code that Base22, not the third party, licenses to Licensee under this Agreement. Notices, if any, for the third party code ("Third Party Notices") are included for Licensee's information only. These notices can be found in the Software's NOTICES file(s). Information on how to obtain source code for certain third party code can be found in the Third Party Notices. If in the Third Party Notices Base22 identifies third party code as "Modifiable Third Party Code," Base22 authorizes Licensee to 1) modify the Modifiable Third Party Code and 2) reverse engineer the Software modules that directly interface with the Modifiable Third Party Code provided that it is only for the purpose of debugging Licensee's modifications to such third party code. Base22's service and support obligations, if any, apply only to the unmodified Software.

13. General

a. Nothing in this Agreement affects any statutory rights of consumers that cannot be waived or limited by contract.

b. For Software Base22 provides to Licensee in tangible form, Base22 fulfills its shipping and delivery obligations upon the delivery of such Software to the Base22-designated carrier, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Licensee and Base22.

c. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement remain in full force and effect.

d. Licensee agrees to comply with all applicable export and import laws and regulations, including U.S. embargo and sanctions regulations and prohibitions on export for certain end uses or to certain users.

e. Licensee authorizes Base22 Technology Group, LLC and its subsidiaries (and their successors and assigns, contractors and Base22 Business Partners) to store and use Licensee's business contact information wherever they do business, in connection with Base22 products and services, or in furtherance of Base22's business relationship with Licensee.

f. Each party will allow the other reasonable opportunity to comply before it claims that the other has not met its obligations under this Agreement. The parties will attempt in good faith to resolve all disputes, disagreements, or claims between the parties relating to this Agreement.

g. Unless otherwise required by applicable law without the possibility of contractual waiver or limitation: 1) neither party will bring a legal action, regardless of form, for any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement more than two years after the cause of action arose; and 2) upon the expiration of such time limit, any such claim and all respective rights related to the claim lapse.

h. Neither Licensee nor Base22 is responsible for failure to fulfill any obligations due to causes beyond its control.

i. No right or cause of action for any third party is created by this Agreement, nor is Base22 responsible for any third party claims against Licensee, except as permitted in Subsection 10.1 (Items for Which Base22 May Be Liable) above for bodily injury (including death) or damage to real or tangible personal property for which Base22 is legally liable to that third party.

j. In entering into this Agreement, neither party is relying on any representation not specified in this Agreement, including but not limited to any representation concerning: 1) the performance or function of the Software, other than as expressly warranted in Section 8 (Warranty and Exclusions) above; 2) the experiences or recommendations of other parties; or 3) any results or savings that Licensee may achieve.

k. Base22 has signed agreements with certain organizations (called "Base22 Business Partners") to promote, market, and support the Software. Base22 Business Partners remain independent and separate from Base22. Base22 is not responsible for the actions or statements of Base22 Business Partners or obligations they have to Licensee.

l. The license and intellectual property indemnification terms of Licensee's other agreements with Base22 (such as agreements for services consulting or custom software development) do not apply to the Software license granted under this Agreement.

14.1 Governing Law

Both parties agree to the application of the laws of the state Texas in the United States to govern, interpret, and enforce all of Licensee's and Base22's respective rights, duties, and obligations arising from, or relating in any manner to, the subject matter of this Agreement, without regard to conflict of law principles.

The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply.

14.2 Jurisdiction

All rights, duties, and obligations are subject to the courts of Texas in the United States.

15. This Agreement is valid without Licensor's signature. It becomes effective upon the earlier of Licensee's signature or Licensee's use of the Software.